furious with the currents log jam in the
suspended Indian Boxing Federation the
International Boxing Association has
dominated the IBF from its fold stating
that the current set of office bearers
are damaging the image the reputation
and the interest of the sport it's a
major setback for Indian boxing after
suspending the Indian body IVA has
decided to end any official relationship
with the Indian Boxing Federation seeing
after evaluating the current scenario it
had decided not to have any official
contact with India after it was
suspended in December 2012 the Indian
body accusing boxing's apex body of not
evaluating the situation properly which
occur at her manipulation ki joke at the
election key election liberal
manipulation we had to our boost my
degree for bhai inquiry clearly he he
entrusted Boxing Federation is the
Rockefeller Linea but the world body in
turn has questioned the way boxing was
run in the country seeing it tarnished
and damaged the image of the sport
baffled by the decision the president
Abhishek materia calling the decision
unilateral and unfair in what is now a
huge blow for Indian pugilist Olympic
medalist Vijender Singh hopes for a
swift change when a presence of say
bartkey - none - okay I get up critiqued
ago yoga or before the college game
oration again I'm to our election
crowding or Joby I you a Kia the
interested body key term and conditioner
Thomas Cooper occurring it but the
boxers are vowed to continue fighting in
the ring and let the performance do the
talking I'm Savin a comic at a
performance that was Chabad out oh I
don't think so hehehe sportsperson grab
a strap with pre pressure or gakkeum
suspend a couch or ham but company duty
garea or catering
another case of sport marred by ugly
politics embarrassing the nation as the
athletes continue to suffer and bear the
brunt Sports Bureau times now